The formatting of your folder structure was excellent. There were not too many folders, and everything was organized where it was expected to be (ie code did not go into a different folder, doc had the html in it) The coding structure is good and largely conformed to the tidyverse style. There were places where spaces were used effectively to align code, which looked visually appealing. There were variables renamed to be more consistent with the style suggestions (ie sweden_data renamed). A couple places where spaces could have been used to separate operators (ie before pipe in answer 1) but this is a rare occurrence throughout the code. The code did not compile for me as it did not find "asdr" on the very last part. I'm going to be honest I can't figure out why, and I think I did it the same way and it worked fine. The entire rest of the code did not cause the compiler problems. Comments are included in tidyverse style before each major code section. Code chunks have descriptive names for the section they correspond to. Overall this is really well-done! I'm not entirely sure why my computer won't compile the last part. It all looks correct and I can't see any obvious source of a bug.
- Anonymous User

Note that your project's root folder has an additional 1 at the end of the word assignment. You can just remove it. There are several instances where the code did not follow the style and were not corrected. In particular, - the function argument populationData in lines 113 and 114 is not capitalized appropriately using snake case. - There are spaces missing before the pipe in line 114 and the assignment operators in lines 286 through 288. - There are spaces missing after the commas in line 202 The name of the function argument can be changed as you did for the data frame sweden_data. The spaces simply need to be added, and for the assignment ones, you can also align them as you did in other parts of the code. As noted by your classmate, the code fails when it reaches the block of code in lines 291 to 294 because the object 'asdr' cannot be found. You may notice on your html file that in the code for Answer 5 you assigned the results of applying the function compute_asdr to world_data and so on. However, in the code it gets assigned to world_asdr instead (and similarly for the other two data frames). Hence, the variable asdr was not added to the kenya_data data frame. You must have changed the objects at some point after generating the html and failed to notice it no longer replaced the html file (see the Modified dates, Sept 7 for the html and 8 for the qmd). You can get the code running again by either changing the objects to which the results of compute_asdr are assigned to, or by changing the object from which you will compute temp_cdr. The final issue I would mention in your submission is that, since you manually moved the html file to the doc folder, you should then also remember to manually move the folder _files to the same location in order to keep the document formatting (or compile the notebook into a self contained html that does not use a folder _files). As your classmate pointed out, you did a very good job with the organization of folders and files and the changes you made followed the style correctly. Keep the good work.
- Victor H Cervantes Botero
